Update funding-a-maker-account with correct fees (#1680)
helium/docs: docs/architecture/hotspot-makers/become-a-maker/funding-a-maker-account.mdx

   wallet address to send the DC to.**
1. Tap the `...` to the right of Solana Address and select the contact for the Maker Wallet.
1. Tap the `Swap Tokens` button and confirm the swap transaction.

> 1. HNT is burned in the current wallet for DC in the recipent Maker Wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. HNT is burned from the current wallet to DC in the recipient Maker Wallet.
```
